How long until we reach the embassy?
About twenty minutes, Sir.
Wait...
The brakes...
Hey! Watch the road!
The road!
Our diplomat died
in an accident in Ostania.
But we believe this was an assassination
by the East's right-wing party extremists.
They are planning a war against Westalis.
We must prevent that
from happening at all costs...
Let's leave it to him.
The most skilled of our agents...
"Twilight."
Here's the promised goods.
The proof that Foreign Minister
actually wears a wig.
Got the film too.
Well done.
I can bring him down with these now.
I'm counting on you again next time.
Hey.
Now, hand me the promised goods.
Huh?! B-But I just...
They got me!
Codename: Twilight.
The man was a spy.
In an era in which the nations of the world
were waging a fierce war of information,
he had lived
through that battlefield...
...all while using
a hundred different faces.
And Papa just keeps
getting pissed the whole day
because his "wig pictures" got stolen!
I don't get him!
It so pisses me off too!
Are you listening, Robert?
Hm? Oh, that's disastrous.
Hey, Robert.
Why don't we...
Karen, let's break up.
Huh?!
You never talk about anything smart.
Huh?
Adieu, girl.
Hey, wait!
Robert!
You can't just... Robert!
Sorry, Karen.
I have no use of you
and your father anymore.
And so ends my mask as Robert tonight.
Marriage? Ordinary happiness?
I already got rid of my attachment
to such things the day I became
a spy, along with my real identity.
Meow~
C Code...
The train to Berlint will be
departing from Platform 5 shortly.
Good afternoon,
or good evening, Twilight.
Good job with your previous mission.
Thanks to that,
the Minister survived a close call,
which would benefit our country as well.
Now, onto your next mission.
Your target is the Chairman of
the National Unity Party, Donovan Desmond.
He is a dangerous threat to
peace between the East and West.
Your mission is to get close to
him and find out what he is up to.
And for that, you will get
married and have a child first.
Come again?!
Desmond is a paranoid man
that rarely shows his face to the public.
The only time he does
is at the regular social gathering
at his son's prestigious school.
It is a social event where political
and business leaders will gather.
Have your child enroll into the
school and infiltrate the gathering.
Due to the looming deadline for enrollment,
you will only have a week until then.
How the hell am I supposed
to have a child in a week?!
Excuse me.
Operation Strix.
This operation is key to peace between
East and West, and ultimately the world.
You're all heroes in the shadows.
Your heroic actions
will never see the light of day.
You won't get any medal, let alone
mentions on the newspaper from them.
But nevertheless,
do not forget that they are the reason for
people to be able to live a "normal life."
Very well.
I've thrown away my name
and face to become Twilight.
I shall play the part as
a father with a child if I have to.
All to make a better world, that is.
(Mission: 1 - Operation Strix)
This is a family-type room.
Fully furnished with both
a heater and cooler, and also...
Um... Sir?
No wiretaps here,
and I can secure an escape route as well.
I'll have this one.
As you wish, Mr. Forger.
This way for the paperwork, please.
Loid Forger.
Profession: a psychiatrist.
That's my new identity from today.
With a loving family and a happy home...
A new house for the family, right, Sir?
Is your child a boy or a girl?
Ah, about that...
I'm about to decide that from now.
Huh?
It's a total liability for a spy.
Oh, you want to adopt a child?
Yes.
I was told that they do
adoptions at the orphanage here...
- Actually, my wife and I—
- Okay, okay.
Just pick whichever you like.
Come on in.
What a poor environment.
But the shadier the establishment is,
the easier it is to falsify the backgrounds
of the children whose identities are vague.
I can figure out the rest of the
mission as long as I have a child.
I'd prefer to do everything by myself...
But even being Westalis' number one spy
doesn't allow me to disguise as a child.
Um, I'm looking for a child who can
write and read, if that's okay with you...
Oh, if that's the case...
Hey, Anya.
She's the smartest kid here.
A bit of a silent type, but a good kid.
And a weird, creepy kid too.
Just get adopted already, will you?
Come on, introduce yourself.
Um, excuse me...
If I recall, the school age for
Eden Academy should be from six...
She's definitely still around four or five.
Six!
Hm?
Six.
So you're six?
But her height...
A newspaper?
A crossword puzzle?
Isn't that a bit too much for a child?
Though to me,
it's still a child's play.
Vertical 1 is Homeostasis,
Horizontal 1 is Causal Closure.
Below those is Symplectomorphism.
She could solve those? For real?
Such formidable intelligence!
She'll surely pass the
entrance exam without a hitch.
I'll take her.
As for the paperwork...
I don't need that.
Just take her already.
Done with having a child...
It went too smoothly, I'm actually worried.
Are you okay with this?
A spy... Mission...
So exciting!
The girl was a telepath.
Subject 007.
The girl could read a person's mind.
She was accidentally produced as a result
of an organisation's experiments,
but she later escaped the facility.
She moved from place to
place in search of custody.
Look, girl.
Anya.
Look, Anya.
You're my daughter from today,
but you will tell the people around you
that we've always been a family. Okay?
Yep.
Also, you will address me
as "Dear Father" from now.
Father.
Close enough.
Oh, what a cute girl
you are! Hello!
I'm your new neighbour, Forger.
I'm Anya. I've been Father's
daughter since a long time.
Huh?
You don't have to say that.
Come on, let's get inside.
Anya's home?
Yeah.
A TV!
Feel free to turn it on.
The adventure anime, Spy Wars!
Anya loves this!
Out of all things...
A silenced pistol?!
So exciting...
I need to gather the necessities first.
And make a fake ID for her too.
I'm heading out for a bit.
Be a good girl and watch the TV.
Adventure!
It's not! I'm just doing groceries!
Anya wants a pistol
that doesn't make a sound!
If they sell one, okay?
The essence of espionage is to
simply act normal without standing out.
We must look as a normal
family from all angles...
- Father, help me!
- And yet she stands out...
Come on now. You must hold hands
with your father, okay?
With one hand occupied,
I can't be prepared for an enemy attack,
but I can't do much about this either.
Enemy?!
What are you doing?
Hiding!
Did I do something that
made her hide like that?
It's still to early to hold hands, I see.
So she hates me now?
This is bad.
I must maintain a positive relationship
with her until my mission is done.
I need to learn more
about this creature...
Basic diplomacy. Understanding
the target is the first step toward peace.
Understanding Anya
will lead to world peace?!
Anya likes peanuts.
But Anya hates carrots.
Hm? Oh...
Anya loves crunchy bacon too!
Bakery doesn't equal crunchy bacon, kid.
This one, please.
You can't buy something
worth a Dalc with ten pents.
Is she actually not that smart?
That crossword thing was actually a fluke?
Maybe I should change her
to someone else...
D-Don't leave me!
What's wrong with you?!
Anya was just bargaining!
What should I do...
I'll buy you some peanuts, so stop crying!
Peanuts!
Father... Anya's sleepy...
Can't walk...
Huh?
This isn't working...
I just don't understand.
This irrational behaviour...
I could use a manual to decipher it.
The basic of raising a child is trust.
Accept them rather than scold them,
and have the same perspective as them.
A child cannot express
their feelings through words well.
We should take a hint.
So I shouldn't interrogate a child?
Do the parents of the world
normally carry out such
difficult missions all the time?
Develop their self-esteem for their future.
By helping your children to learn
to think for themselves, one day...
I'm returning her to the
orphanage after the mission, anyway.
That's just what she is to me.
Noooo waaaay!
I hate studying!
I need to know how smart you are
in preparation for the exam.
Anya doesn't have to study for the exam!
I can just read other people's—
Minds...
Are you planning to cheat?
Look, if you're not going
to that school, my—
My mission will fail.
Forget it.
I'm heading out.
I'm not taking you with me today.
At all.
Stay put.
Hey!
I told you to stay put!
You there! You thought
I wouldn't catch you there?!
You there!
Father's so good at finding me...
This is fun!
Hahahah! There's no
getting out for you now!
So that's why you're late?
Ultimately, I had to put up
a barricade to lock her inside.
I hope the neighbours
don't report you for abuse.
I have no idea how
a kid's brains work.
Their trying to get away with crying
about everything is also infuriating.
It's their job to cry, Mr. Twilight.
Anyway, here's the stuff you requested.
Application form, examination voucher,
plus entrance exam questions.
I had a hard time getting these, you know.
Appreciate it, Franky.
I'm sure it'll work out if she
just memorises the whole answers.
Oh, yeah. About your kid, too.
I've scoured her past records
that weren't in the orphanage.
I couldn't find anything
related to her birth date.
Age and biological parents also unknown.
There wasn't much about her
aside from the past year,
and she's been sent back
from the foster family four times.
And she's changed orphanage twice too.
Anya Williams, Anya Levski, Anya Rosche...
The kid changes names every season...
Like father, like daughter, huh?
Come on, I jest.
You're on a mission, right?
Even though she's your daughter,
that unneeded affection
won't get you anywhere, pal.
Thank you for the warning.
Hey! Where's my payment?!
Sheesh...
I have no idea how a spy's brains work.
I'm bored...
A real spy is not like what I expected...
I want to steal a bomb...
I can't have her mess around with my
spy tools, so I'll just put a lock on them.
The combination is 6, 1...
1, 0. Bomb, bomb~
Bomb, bomb~
Whoa!
A secret radio!
Secret, secret~
Boss! We've intercepted
a new transmission!
Is it the West's encryption?
No, it's unencrypted.
Um... "Twilight is here."
Twilight is here?!
It's the same frequency that the West use!
Here it comes again!
"Catch me if you can."
Find out where it came from, now!
Phew...
Ah!
Now that you've found out that
I'm a spy, I'll have to remove you.
If he finds out that I'm a telepath...
I'll have to get out too...
Anya.
Do not tell anyone about your power.
Now, it's studying time, Anya.
Anya wants to draw...
No need to do such a childish thing.
Your power must bring peace to the world.
No time to cry, Anya.
Stop playing around and get to studying.
I hope she's not making a mess inside...
Right. I have to move this out of the way.
Hm?
Who are these guys?
Anya!
She's been kidnapped?
By one of them?
But for what?
I need to find her quick...
Calm down, Twilight.
From the looks of it,
they know that I'm a spy.
I need to hide right now,
or I'll be facing hell.
Anya...
There's still plenty of
children to replace her.
Back to square one...
Who's this kid?
Could she be Twilight's...
We don't know.
She was in the room where the
transmission was sent, so just in case...
It's because of that radio!
There was a barricade outside the room,
and apparently she locked herself in.
Why would she?
Beats me.
Oh, well.
We can just take her hostage as leverage
to force Twilight to exchange her
for the Minister's wig pictures.
Boss.
Maybe we should give up
on uncovering the wig...
Transparency is critical in politics.
A wig doesn't make for a good PR.
A pistol that doesn't make a sound...
Besides, the Minister is a traitor
who secretly sides with the West.
Those who defend a traitor
are traitors themselves.
Real bad guys...!
Boss! Nguyen and the others
have come back from the house!
We got the guy.
Well done.
He's not just some amateur...
He's the real deal.
Get some rest in the back.
Well, then, Twilight.
Care to return those pictures
you've stolen?
Nguyen?!
What the heck?!
So that guy was...
The daughter's gone!
He got us good again!
I've made a blunder.
I can't believe I took the risk
and infiltrated the enemy base...
I'm a failure as a spy.
Father!
It's okay, I won't hurt you.
Don't cry.
This is why kids are so...
I see...
I think I know why I get pissed
of whenever I heard a child cry.
It reminds me of
when I was a child myself.
No one was there to save me.
All I could do was cry over the
loneliness and despair helplessly.
The past I thought I had
thrown away came back to haunt me...
Never mind that...
Look, girl.
Anya.
Look, Anya.
You see...
We're actually pros in playing tag.
If we find someone talented in this game,
we just want to challenge them right away.
You're a liar, Father.
Look.
If you go straight
and then turn right over there,
you'll find a police station there.
And if you give this to
the police, you win.
Okay?
If the police get this message, she'll
be able to live in a better orphanage.
I'll just figure out another plan
- that doesn't involve children.
- Father...
All right, off you go now! Quick!
I'm a failure as a spy?
No...
My biggest blunder was
that I involved her in all this.
Right...
A world without the cries of children...
That's what drove me
into being a spy.
Don't let him get away!
When I get him, I'm
going to uncover his face to—
A trap?! But how...
Wait, isn't this flou— Argh!
T-Twilight!
Don't shoot!
You'll blow us up!
Wha—
No way...
Turn around and I'll kill you.
Twilight...!
Good afternoon, or good evening, Mr. Edgar.
How's Karen doing?
How do you know my daughter?!
It's a spy's job to know about her.
Also her height, weight, foot size,
favourite food, and the number
of moles on her body.
Compared to you, she's quite a cutie.
And so is her criminal history.
Nonsense!
My daughter wouldn't have—
Edgar.
I know you're very fond of your daughter.
Look.
If you wish for her
to have a peaceful life,
don't you ever get in my way again.
If you understand,
then go home.
Anya?
Father!
Why are you...
I mean, what are you doing outside?
Uh, I just happened to
be shopping over there...
But looks like they went bankrupt!
You're a big liar, Father.
Anya played tag with
the misters over there.
Really? Was it fun?
A little scary...
Anya wants to go home.
To Father and Anya's home.
Are you sure?
Anya will cry if you leave Anya behind.
She's been sent back
from the foster family four times.
Anya Williams...
Anya Levski...
Anya Rosche...
Okay, then.
Let's go home now.
But that apartment is dangerous,
so we're moving out.
I found a venomous
snake yesterday there.
I hate snakes...
Father's a big liar,
but a cool one at that!
Anya wants to live in a castle!
If they sell one, okay?
Once we've moved in to a new house,
you will study again.
Geh!
You just have to memorise
the answers this time. Easy.
All right. Begin exam!
Make me proud, Anya...
You can do it.
My head hurts...
I don't get it at all...
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe...
K-212... K-212...
Found it! You passed!
Great job!
Is Anya amazing?!
Super amazing!
Ah, Father!
I feel so relaxed, my body
has given in to the piled up fatigue
- Don't leave me!
- from the past few days...
- Father, Anya is crying now!
- Relaxed?
- Me?
- Anya will be a good girl, so come back!
- There's something wrong with me...
Fighting with each other
'til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
- Father has died...
- Shall we hold hands and head home?
- Mail's here!
- What should we eat tonight?
- "Here's what happened today"
- Is this the Forger residence?
- I'm Anya Forger.
- "Here's what happened today"
- That's what I wanted to talk to you about
- Give this to your dad or mum, okay?
- I don't have a mother.
- That's what I wanted to talk to you about
- Any and every day is
- Oh... Sorry...
- A comedy with you
- Father! The mailman came!
- Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
What the hell?!
Are you trying to kill me?!
I can't believe I fell asleep
in front of someone...
This is bad.
I need to pull myself together.
Mail's here.
It's a letter of invitation
from Eden Academy.
What's wrong, Father?
The second screening will be
an interview with the parents.
The participant must bring
both their parents to the school.
No exceptions will be made.
Anya doesn't have a mother!
(Mission: 2 - Secure a Wife)